Add agent plugin to support Sentinel (#7190)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/service-agent/java-agent/README.md

* Plugin of quartz-scheduler-2.x in the optional plugin folder. The reason for being an optional plugin is, many task scheduling systems are based on quartz-scheduler, this will cause duplicate tracing and link different sub-tasks as they share the same quartz level trigger, such as ElasticJob.
* Plugin of spring-webflux-5.x in the optional plugin folder. Please only activate this plugin when you use webflux alone as a web container. If you are using SpringMVC 5 or Spring Gateway, you don't need this plugin.
* Plugin of mybatis-3.x in optional plugin folder. The reason of being optional plugin is, many local span are generated, which also spend more CPU, memory and network.

> * Plugin of sentinel-1.x in optional plugin folder. The reason of being optional plugin is, sentinel will generate a large number of LocalSpan as currently designed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Plugin of sentinel-1.x in the optional plugin folder. The reason for being an optional plugin is, the sentinel plugin generates a large number of local spans, which have a potential performance impact.
```
